Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. The US China tariff truce
holds with both sides agreeing to extend
the pause for a further 90 days. Now,
Beijing also pledging to suspend or
cancel non-tariff measures.
>> Asian stocks, meanwhile, trading higher.
Japan leading those gains ahead of US
CPI. And Australia's Reserve Bank
expected to deliver that cut later on
today. And the search for a new Fed
Reserve chair expanding with central
banks, two vice chairs, and the Dallas
Fed president now said to be in the
running.
[Music]
Welcome to the show. We didn't have to
wait all the way to the deadline. We now
know and have confirmation of course on
the trade truce extending for let's call
it towards the latter part or the mid
part of the fourth quarter. Can we rest
easy for now? What does it mean for
markets which have done well and of
course overnight we're still feeling the
tailwinds of what we got in Wall Street.
Of course NASDAQ uh NASDAQ had a record.
The NIK is reopening today after being
shot on Monday for mountain day and as
you can see it's playing not just
catchup, it's lifting the benchmark and
then it's now also trading at alltime
highs. So we'll see whe whether that
continues going into today. A lot of
event risk on the table notwithstanding
some macro conversations around the RBA
and of course the Fed that goes into the
CPI print coming out of the US later
today. Speaking of in terms of the macro
on the macro front, the Aussie dollar
might actually be feeling the China US
truce more than the RB. Depends of
course what the RBA will say and do and
how they say it. In the meantime, of
course, constructive on risk. US 2-year
yield ahead of the US CPI print and of
course gold futures now more clarity
coming out of Donald Trump. You say no
tariffs on gold with an exclamation
point as well. There we go. Right. Flip
the boards please. Overnight um here's a
story as well. So iron or futures going
into today had been feeling that
tailwinds and this recent report u not
anti-involution but perhaps that's also
goes into that as well but effectively
less supply coming on the table. this
report suggesting that some steel mills
are being asked to halt output towards
the end of this month which is one
reason why we're looking at the entire
metal space as you can see on your
screens this reflation trade which by
the way city saying don't chase that all
right golden dragon index couple of big
movers overnight Alibaba one to watch
going into today and xpong uh was up
about 6% uh I think when you look at how
the stock is actually trading might be
exhibiting some signs of uh overheating
right very quickly the approach to the
open Today we talked about reflation
10-year yield had a big move up
yesterday to about 172 173 want to watch
as we go into today. Uh and of course
we're looking at some declines here and
again within that Shanghai composite and
we are moving as well into earnings
season uh across major parts of the
mainland market. on.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned those reflation
trades, that city line was quite
interesting, right? They they really
compare it to what happened back in 2015
and saying, look,
>> it's not the same, which many of you
guys have told us
>> because at the end of the day,
>> you're still talking about a time where
we aren't seeing the big stimulus that
we did back in 2015. So, when you're
raising prices of of commodities and the
like at a time when consumers and the
like are not spending, does that
actually backfire at the end? That's a
certainly one thing to say. So they say
don't chase the whole rally when you're
starting to see what yield curves are
steepening. Equities are being bought
out as well in China. So certainly
that's one thing to watch. We talk about
the earnings picture, the likes of
Galaxy. We just had Tangy report as
well. So we'll get you a preview of
that. Qu comes out a little bit later on
as well. We mentioned that rally in the
Shanghai Composite. We're still in that
window for credit data as well as we
countdown to that data dump at the end
of the week. And yes, Xpong and Xiaomi
ones to watch as Dave had just mentioned
there as well. But yes, it's all about
that trade truth, right? As you say,
it's no secret that everyone is maybe
priced in that this was going to be
rolled over for another 3 months or so.
>> It wonder how big a relief it is for the
Chinese right now.
>> Yeah, given the fact that a lot of the
front loading had already been taking
place along some of the proxies and the
economy is actually doing well because
of the first half of the year and what
does it mean for the second half and
what gap that remains? The other thing
as well is given we're it's 90 days and
given how markets have done well what
now right what is the catalyst and I
think one of the notes that's come out
is that there isn't any visible negative
potential negative catalyst and equity
markets which have done very well apart
from I guess valuations which have been
a feature of this rally for some time
now and I think the the latest bank of
America fund manager survey does suggest
that 91% of the people they surveyed
actually think US equities are
overvalued at this point in time.
>> Yeah, they still think what that no no
sort of hard landing. They're still
thinking maybe soft landing is most
likely outcome in the global economy in
the next 12 months or so. But it does
goes to show that you know overall
sentiment is the most bullish they've
seen in 6 months. So maybe we're seeing
things are a bit crowded in the equity
space as well. You could say that for a
lot of markets here in Asia also, right?
Not just the US. Yeah,
>> Japan, Taiwan. I think JP Morgan will be
joining us later on. uh Taiwe and he he
is of the view that when you look at
North Asia, Taiwan actually might have
more room to go. Uh Cosby maybe not so
much. They're boost uh they're they're
fairly bullish on uh on China. And I
think the interesting too is that the
fourth bullet point on the screen,
right? So while 91% of respondents think
the US equity markets are overvalued,
there is no bubble based on a slight
majority as far as that's concerned. So
I think anyway we'll we'll unpack all of
these things later on as well given the
the now the taunt that's been extended
as far as a trade conversation.
>> Yeah, Bloomber Economics says look it's
it's basically a truce. It's reprieve
not relief for China given the fact that
you take a look at some of the the trade
deals that the US has already made with
other parts of Asia. This still puts
China
>> in a weaker position here and this is
one of the few that still has not have
no timeline
>> for what this trade deal is going to
look like. But yes, then again, that is
the news of the day though. They signed
an executive order extending that truce
for at least 90 days. In a social media
post, he says all other elements of the
agreement will remain the same. China,
for its part, says it's suspending or
halting all non-tariff measures against
the US. And meanwhile, Trump is also
signaling he's open to allowing Nvidia
to sell China a scaleback version of its
most advanced AI chip. So, there's a lot
of sort of horse trade, I guess, going
on still. Let's bring in John Gong,
professor at the University of
International Business and Economics in
Beijing.
Okay, so we have another 90 days.
There's a bit of breathing room between
the two sides, John, but where do you
think things stand right now, you think,
between the US and China?
>> Well, I think this is going to be the
new normal we're going to face as we
move forward. I think President Trump is
going to continue this practice of uh
every time extending this deadline for
three months. Um, and he's using this as
a bargaining chip essentially. This time
he said he wants China to quadruple the
purchase of soybeans. And I think next
time he's going to say something else.
Um, it's quite interesting to see that
he didn't demand China stop buying
Russian oil this time as he at the same
time slaps a 25% on India for doing the
same. That's quite interesting. But I my
my guess is that the next time he's
going to raise something else. So uh so
it it it's going to be like this um you
know for for many years to come towards
the end of his administration. Uh this
is the new reality. Uh I think um uh you
know companies engaging s US trade all
understand this they be preparing for
this and some of it some of these
companies actually diverting trade away
from uh American markets. Uh if you look
at the statistics uh America's share of
total China's exports has been steadily
coming down. It has come down to a
little bit over 9%. Um which is not not
something that's sort of very
significant, very um uh uh something
totally indispensable to China. So I
think China is ready to respond every
time Washington slaps on high tariffs
and uh uh and Washington uh takes
precautions for this kind of a reaction.
So I think this we're in this kind of a
kind of a very dedicated equilibrium and
this is going to be continuing for some
time.
>> Professor Gong, this is David, the the
view that Donald Trump has gone softer,
not soft softer on China. U is that view
I'm curious shared on the ground there
on the mainland?
>> Well, um I I I won't really characterize
as soft. I think uh President Trump has
this, you know, very uh uh obvious trait
that uh he's going to be bullying weaker
guys, weaker countries, but respect the
stronger countries. Now, keep in mind
that China is the only country that
retaliates against American tariffs by
increasing tariffs of American imports
into China. No country has ever done
that. And President Trump um uh uh
patently threatened any country of doing
this. uh but China did uh that goes to
tell that you know China um is indeed
negotiating from a position of strength
uh and um and and this is uh how to deal
with President Trump. I mean he's a he
has this kind of a nature um you have to
uh um uh treat him as a real opponent.
Uh and if you showing weakness, uh
you're going to get nothing other than
just uh disdain and and and uh uh bad
treatment. Uh he's not going to be
sympathizing any weaker guys,
>> but getting a cut out of revenues to
China, which is what reportedly has been
struck between the likes of Nvidia and
AMD. I'm just wondering how do you view
that sort of trade policy now? It seems
like the sort of pay-to-play revenue for
export sort of trade approach. Is this
sort of the new trade policy out of the
US or just you know cost for doing
business in China now?
>> Well I think uh well first of all it
raises a constitutional issue here. I
mean there are people in the United
States saying this this is against the
constitution. US trade law prohibits
collecting tariffs on exports. Uh but he
is doing this. This is essentially
export tariff. There's no doubt about
this. Um and and and and my view is that
you know this is another example of
showing uh what the Trump administration
is all about is all about money. Um you
know it's it's very ad hoc. It's all
about collecting revenue for the
government. Um and um I think uh you
know this is very characteristic of uh
uh Trump's uh style. Um you know he
cares about money. uh he uh uh you know
he wants to collect money and uh it's
very transactional here. Uh it's
unprecedented that the US government is
actually uh collecting 15% tariff on its
exports. uh unprecedented. Uh but but
the thing is that these two companies
AMD um and the media, they're not going
to go to court to challenge that. Uh
just as many American institutions uh
haven't uh challenged Trump's u sort of
very heavy-handed decisions. They've
chosen to uh essentially seek a
compromise with the Trump
administration. I think um you know this
is okay I mean it's America's business
but uh but ultimately I can I think it's
going to uh gradually and slowly erode
the constitutional rule in the United
States which is something very worrisome
>> and I I wonder then I mean is then the
sky is the limit then right on on what
the Trump administration can can target
as the next bargaining chip. What sort
of companies or industries do you think
are next?
Um well um yeah well President Trump is
luring by you know issuing these uh
executive orders uh decrees um and uh
you know he's doing this ad hoc things
uh and he's trying to collect as much as
much money as possible um and the next
industry that I think he is going to
target to uh you know try to promote
American exports may very well be Boeing
airplanes. I mean the Boeing company is
not taking a having a good time these
days. Uh it is uh you know having a
series of scandals in the Sukian market.
It's a losing market here to air bus uh
and I think probably Trump uh wants to
reverse that tie. Um and uh he probably
next time he's going to demanding uh
China buying more Boeing airplanes. You
know that's that's a quite possibility I
view.
>> Yeah. I mean it it it partially offsets
the the trade relationship uh and the
exports which goes into my next
question. Professor Gong, what is the
out what is that what is your outlook
for exports going into the last few
months of 2025 as as it pertains to
Chinese exports to the world?
>> Yeah. Well, I mean this is actually very
telling that amidst a uh a whopping 11%
drop of Chinese exports to the United
States, China's aggregate um exports to
the entire world. Uh that's the total
statistics of China's exports increased
by 7%. That tells a lot about the
importance of American market right now.
As I said, um the total share of
American market out of the total uh
China's uh exports market is is just a
little bit over 9%. And I would uh even
argue that it will further drop maybe
another two percentage points as we uh
move towards the end of the Trump
administration. Um so I think um you
know I've been advocating this view for
quite some time. What President Trump
has been doing is just to uh uh try to
um upend and and and to some extent
evacerate the WTO which is the core of
the rules based international order in
commerce and economics area that the
United States helped establish in the
first place and his his his view is that
this is totally against him for the last
several decades and he wants to get away
from this. So I think we are entering in
a world with with two parallel systems.
One is the WTO center system. Uh I call
it N minus one system. The United States
is getting away from that. The other one
is a US centric a set of bilateral
relationships between Washington and its
trading partners. So these two parallel
systems will go on for some time. Um and
as a result of this I think uh ch
America's exports sorry America's trade
as part of the total global trade is
going to decline with such high tariffs.
Obviously uh it's not going to be
increasing in trade. It's going to uh
see less of a trade and and and that's
why it is it's total weight in the total
global trade is going to further come
down. Um and this is a pass that the the
Trump administration chooses to do. Um
and uh I don't see any other reasons or
factors that's going to stop this trend.
>> Yeah. How quickly things have changed.
Professor Gong, thank you so much. Just
over two decades since the US let China
into the WTO. Here we are looking at
almost the complete reversal of that
mirror. John Gong, professor at the
University of International Business and
Economics joining Mr. Adah Harbin uh
this morning uh on the MA. Right. Coming
up on shows, the White House is set to
expand its list of contenders for the
next Fed chair. A closer look at the
candidates coming up. Also counting down
to the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen and here in Hong Kong. This is
the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. More on our top story
today. We're getting more details on
this extension and what China is doing
on their end. Let's get Minman, our
China correspondent with this Ministry
of Commerce statement and what they're
doing here. Minman. Yeah, the Ministry
of Commerce uh reiterated that they are
suspending some of these non-tariff
measures that had been agreed to during
the Geneva deal. So these 28 US
companies that have been included in an
export control list. Initially the rule
was that China will not be a uh able to
sell any dual use goods to these
companies. Most of them are defense
contractors like Loheed Martin uh Boeing
defense for example. But that is going
to be suspended uh for the next 90 days.
Again, this is not new and uh you know,
as has been mentioned before, this is a
well anticipated sort of trade truce
extension for another 90 days that
basically kicks the can down the road,
buying both sides more time as we work
towards this potential meeting between
President C and Trump uh sometime before
the end of this year, potentially in
October at the sidelines of the Apex
summit. And uh there there's still a
number of issues on the table, right?
including you know the removal of the
fentinel related tariffs the 20% that's
what China wants the US of course have
been threatening these additional
tariffs for Chinese purchases of Russian
and Iranian oil also calling on China to
quadruple its purchase of uh US soybeans
as well and of course there is the
latest development as well the US
looking to potentially uh loosen some of
the tech restrictions to sell the latest
Nvidia blackwell chips to China
scaledback version of that that's
potentially on the table as well.
>> All right, Mman, thank you with an
update coming through in that statement
this morning. China correspondent Mimman
Low there. Let's get to another top
story that we're tracking for you today.
The Trump administration is said to have
expanded its list of potential new Fed
chairs. Now, officials say the central
bank's two vice chairs, Michelle Bowman
and Philip Jefferson, are now under
consideration along with the Dallas Fed
President Lori Logan. For more, let's
bring in our Bloomberg director of US
Economic Research, David Wilcox. He
joins us from Washington this evening.
David, thank you so much for joining us.
The list seems to be getting longer.
>> Can you tell us, you know, when you take
a look at it, who are the serious
contenders to really succeed? Jay
Powell,
>> it's good to be with you. I think the
three top tier contenders remain the
same as they have been for a while now.
Uh there are the two Kevins. Kevin
Hasset, a longtime adviser to President
Trump, his chair of the Council of
Economic Adviserss in the first
administration, and now his National
Economic Council director,
Kevin Worsh, who was a former member of
the board of governors uh through the
financial crisis and played an important
role then in helping uh particularly
assemble the political constituency, the
backing in Congress to support the
extraordinary measures that the Fed
took. And Christopher Waller, a current
member of the board of governors, who's
been particularly vocal in making the
case lately that the open market
committee should marginally ease the
stance of monetary policy. Those are the
top runners in my estimation.
>> Okay. Now, the the possibility that Jay
Powell remains on the board even, you
know, after he's no longer chair,
there's, you know, we've seen it in the
past. Do you think that he will do it?
He will remain quite literally on board.
>> It's a tanalyzing possibility for those
of us who among other things are amateur
historians of the Federal Reserve. There
is, as you mentioned, historical
precedent for that. A very famous uh
member of the board of governors and
chair Mariner Eckles uh did exactly
that. He's uh has the headquarters
building named for him and when
President Truman declined to reappoint
him, he stayed on the board for another
three years. So, it's perfectly within
Chair Powell's uh legal right to do
that. His term as governor extends
another year and a half after his term
as chair expires in May of 2026.
He's been conspicuously koi about
whether he'll do that. And my guess is
that he himself doesn't know yet. He's
probably or perhaps waiting to have a
look at who President Trump names as his
successor and maybe he'll make a
decision at that point.
>> And David, it's interesting, right,
because the markets seem to be kind of
going with it that, you know, the next
Fed chair is going to be dovish. Um, but
you know, it's just one position and
there's still a board. So, how big of an
influence could a new chair have on
monetary policy?
>> It's a good point. Not only is there
still a board and that's the relevant uh
governance organization for uh financial
regulation, there's a wider federal open
market committee uh which is the
relevant organization for monetary
policy and there the chair is just one
vote out of 12.
uh albeit admittedly the most important
and influential vote out of 12, the
first among equals uh but still the
chair has to persuade others to go along
uh with him or her. Uh and so whoever
takes the position will have to be
credible. We'll have to assemble a
coherent uh analytically grounded
argument for others in in order for if
they're going to follow in line.
>> Yep. And there's still a dual mandate. I
I got to get your take on the CPI print
that's coming out later on the US on
Tuesday. You know, what's your
projections of what could happen?
Well, a lot of analysts, myself
included, are looking for a little more
evidence of tariff pass through. And if
that happens, that's going to put the
board, the Federal Reserve in a pretty
delicate, difficult uh predicament
because what they'll have at that point
is increasing evidence of inflation
that's heating up a little bit, going in
the wrong direction from the 2%
objective and a labor market that seems
now pretty clearly to be easing,
especially in light of the most recent
jobs report that showed a soft number of
jobs added in July and a really large
downward revision to May and June. So,
they'll be faced with a dilemma, a
classic dilemma in monetary policy,
weakening economic activity and heating
up inflation. That's going to be a tough
uh predicament for them to make a policy
decision on
>> conflicting signals. David, thank you so
much. David Wilcox there,
>> our Bloomberg director for US Economic
Research. fantastic preview of really
just the well number one the short-term
uh CPI and of course the the possibility
of what personnel changes means for uh
policy prescription that's your triple P
today uh two charts before we get into
the open today we've been talking about
the Shangh composite here so you know
this whole going long on Chinese banks
and a lot of them are the largest
constituents of the Shangh has actually
now pushed the actual index this
specific index to within 2% of this high
right here beyond that we're back to
what guess what 10 years ago and that
means as well is that if you had to pick
a benchmark, right, Shanghai comp or CSI
300 because of this index construction,
the Shanghai comp has actually
outperformed uh you have to go all the
way back to 2021. In fact, you you trace
it back to September, the September low
last year. And that ratio, if you take
one over the other, is now at the
highest uh in about 8 years or so. So
again, lots of brewing conversations
around is this a popular trade, Ivonne,
because there's like no other
alternative apart from of course what's
happening here in Hong Kong. Everyone
buying into these dividend plays on the
mainland.
>> It still seems to be the the defensive
play.
>> Yeah.
>> No matter how far you lean into risk,
>> I keep hearing barbell,
>> the barbell strategy.
>> It's still there. All right. Pre-market
is looking like this in Hong Kong here
right now. And we are still seeing here
when it comes to this downside we're
seeing in stocks here today. So we're
down a third of 1%. That of course is
despite this trade truce that we're
seeing. Maybe it was largely priced in
Aegis Tech is on offer here today at
eight shares are just teetering around
that 8,800 level here. 719 for Dollar
China. We did get that fix here from the
PBOC. We're slightly to the stronger
side here as well. In terms of stocks to
watch, there's still that earnings
picture that we look at today. We're
going to get a preview coming up. So
Galaxy and Warf are the ones that are
reporting a little bit later on as well.
Quayo, we're going to talk about Tingi
as well. And also Xpong is what we saw
in the ADRs which was lit. Well,
>> oh, we're down now. Yeah. Uh I mean it
it we we were expecting a pullback at
some point given how overheated the
stock was looking. So that's among other
names. Coming up next, the open. 3
minutes away. This is the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome back to shows.
Uh we're looking at maybe a soft open
likely a soft open whether we remain uh
in and around these price levels remains
to be seen. Uh apart from this though
the rest of the region is doing well. I
mean a lot of that is also because Japan
is reopening today. So that's a catch up
trade and the nicke is now at a level
that we've actually never seen. So
alltime highs in the nicke that's
lifting the benchmark. Taiwan is also
doing quite well actually today
continuing to do that trade on AI has
really benefited Taiwan a lot.
>> It certainly has and whether it still
has legs is still one thing to watch as
well but China certainly has that sort
of flavor to it all too this rally that
we've seen as well. So certainly that's
one to watch. We're talking about the
mainland and some of the superlatives
that we're really kind of getting close
to. The Shanghai Composite flirting with
those 10-year highs. That's certainly
one thing to watch. But today it seems
like we're taking a little bit of a back
foot at least in Hong Kong. Onshore is
doing quiet, right? We're pretty much
flat on the CSI 300 as well, but we are
within that 2% of that peak uh that was
set for the Shanghai Composite back in
2021. So, that's one thing to watch as
well. Uh when it comes to bonds, we talk
about the the pickup in yields since
July basically and that seems to be
taking a bit of a pause here today, but
certainly it is part of that reflation
trade. city just coming out with a note
saying maybe don't chase it because
we're not quite sure whether this
anti-involution campaign can really
replicate the sort of uh you know
success that the 2015 supply side
reforms had and they've highlighted the
issues regarding that here as well. So
certainly that's one thing to watch. Um
there right now we're watching of course
earnings uh CL I mean that was a big
story yesterday when it comes to
lithium. We'll still watch what plays
out there just given what happened and
them halting production in that mine. Uh
it certainly does lead to a lot of
questions about whether this is the
latest target in the whole
anti-involution campaign, but it seems
like it's getting momentum, right? We
talk about iron ore. Yes, they talked
about, you know, this consultancy firm
basically reporting that some steel
mills had to also halt production
temporarily as well. That's why you're
seeing Dallian futures of iron ore up
one and a half% or so and really
mimicking what we're seeing in the
Singapore futures which did react first
as well to that news. Uh you take a look
when it comes to the Hong Kong dashboard
as well, we talked about earnings. So,
uh, Galaxy, Quay Chow, we're talking
about Tingi as well. Here are some of
the ones that we'll be highlighting a
little bit later on the next hour as
well. But it seems like, uh, tech is the
one that's selling off a bit here today.
Alibaba is down about 1% as well. The
property side, uh, is doing okay, but
we're watching very closely what
happens, uh, with tech in particular
here today, given we are just a days
away from some of these big earnings
coming out from Tensent, Alibaba as
well. HS Tech is down about half of 1%.
Steel stocks are in focus given what we
see the movement that we're seeing the
iron ore price as well. There is a mixed
picture among some of these steel miners
as well. So not a clear picture so far
but then again we're watching still this
whole CL sort of story. Right. So city
opening up this 90-day positive catalyst
watch on some of these battery material
makers. So Hunan Yunen and Shenzhen
Danonic. I say that right? Um so they're
saying that
>> is that the name though?
>> I don't know. It's a tough one.
>> Yeah. Danic.
>> Okay. the nation's drive to curb
excessive competition will help improve
the outlook for prop profitability. So
that mind suspension they're citing from
CL could be part of that anti-involution
initiative.
>> Okay. Yeah. I mean it's it's the the
entire exercise has really borne a lot
of notes coming through out of the cell
side talking about how uh could benefit
some parts of this as well. Right. Let's
talk about the Chinese markets. what
this means in a greater stack of things
and also within asset classes, equities
versus fixed income, 90-day truce,
there's a possibility of now who the Fed
who might lead be leading the Fed. Uh
our next guest actually favors Chinese
markets. Taiwe is chief APAC market
strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management
here with us on set in our studios.
Let's start with China. The call on
China. You still like the market. Tell
us tell us why.
>> Well, I think there two things. One is
that um there are some new potential
earnings drivers coming in. you
mentioned AI and technology. I think
that's really important especially since
the start of the year. You do see
government providing more support to the
sector. Um and that's the first point.
The second point is I think a lot of
these longer term challenges facing the
Chinese economy, the housing market, the
labor market, they're not fixed yet, but
I think investors have already seen some
stabilization and that will allow for uh
you know a a repricing of some of these
stocks. So um and finally of course uh
you know the USChina relationship seems
to be in a more stable phase. Of course
there will still be ups and downs going
down the road but at least for now the
two sides are negotiating. We are seeing
some relaxation on rare earth exports as
well as um semiconductors exports from
the US to China. So I think overall the
environment the backdrop for Chinese
market is a bit more constructive uh
compared to the last couple of years.
Yeah.
>> Is valuation a key driver? Now
>> it was I think definitely uh you know
>> 6 12 months ago valuation was very much
a key driver. So the rerating helped
this particular leg in the last 6 months
but I do think now we need a bit more of
an earnings momentum to support that
valuations. I think the other thing to
bear in mind is I think if you look
think back to 2023 2024 we spent a lot
of time uh hoping praying for a stimulus
uh because the economy required it. 2025
uh I think investors are more
comfortable with companies being more
independent to generate earnings. So
even we've had when we had good data
coming out from the China Chinese
economy the market reaction was still
fairly positive. I think last two years
when you had good numbers market was
disappointed because that means stimulus
could be further delayed. I think this
year uh we've seen less of that
disappointment which I think is a
positive sign for the Chinese market.
what specific opportunities
uh remain I think tangible within the
Chinese market. So people talk about
tech, you talked about that on the other
side is the barbell strategy with banks
and dividends. I guess you talk about
those two are banks or apart from those
what what else is on the table?
>> I think it does depend on the investors
objectives if they're looking for income
and relative stability. the banks high
dividend stocks last couple of years
energies communic telecommunications
they've actually done really well
despite the index have done quite poorly
uh however I think if you look in 2025
2026 uh we are looking at more on the
technology side especially not just the
tech companies but also those who can
adopt and integrate artificial
intelligence into their business model
which we're starting to see in
financials in healthcare so I think you
know these are the areas that we are we
are observing Um you guys mentioned the
anti-involution drive just now how to
reduce excess competition. I do think we
have to be quite careful with this theme
because um if you think of of the whole
supply chain whether it's batteries or
EVs or any other products uh the demand
is the ultimate driver of of
profitability. If the demands are the
end consumers are not spending more
you're basically just reshuffling
earnings along the supply chain. So you
might benefit one part of the supply
chain but the other part gets squeezed.
So again I think it's not going to
benefit everyone. It's going to be more
uh a sector by sector or different
segment of supply chain they have to
choose from.
>> Okay. And is it is it good to chase some
parts of those sectors then now in this
rally that seems to be you're seeing it
right it's it's the solar you know it's
it's it's basically commodities one day
and then it's food delivery the other.
You know
>> do you chase it? I think it's going to
be quite challenging especially with
policies coming out you know every other
day but at the same time I think you
have to ask the question if for example
in EV or battery technology um what is
the role of pricing and volume and
technology for example in battery
technology the market leaders are there
not because they produce the most but
because they've got they've got the best
technology that can carry the industry
forward in EV obviously you've got the
giant I can't name names but you know
who it is and then the question then
becomes who will benefit if the level of
competition does come down. I suspect
it's going to be the one level down, not
the small companies that are struggling
right now. Those who are struggling
today could still face elimination one
two three years down the line. So I
think it's it's it's going to be a case
by case uh sector by sector selection
when it comes to uh you know looking for
opportunities when the government is
looking to reduce excessive competition
and the reality is anywhere in the world
much of the policy have been trying to
promote competition there's been a not a
lot of uh research or academic work done
on how to regulate or reduce
competition. So I think this a right
call but is also quite an adventurous
call in uh managing this type of
competition. Yeah. I mean, the the whole
I'm going to coin a phrase right now.
Chinese exceptionalism. They tend to
overshoot to the point you're making,
right? You're trying to promote
competition. Yeah. Arguably, they've
done it too well. Too much too much
competition. And I can't I know you
can't name names, but yeah. One specific
stock. The market sold down.
>> Uh car maker because of that. Can I ask
you about US markets?
>> Sure. Think of earning season. We're
done with almost big tech. There's one
more. I can't name names remaining.
>> Well, you can. I can't.
>> Okay. Um the it lacks a vowel between
the first two letters. The are you
concerned about valuation there?
>> Um in the index level
>> not as well but at the index level I
think uh well you've got the big seven
max 7 you've got the rest of the the the
S&P 500. Um I would argue that the
valuation in both sides are fair. The
reason behind that is I'm a bit
concerned about the US economy. You know
you're starting to see some slow
momentum in in consumer spending. We are
going to get retail sales numbers uh
this week but a lot of these uh earnings
reports have highlighted that consumers
are starting to spend less for example
dining out
>> um so I think the cyclical part could
face a bit more challenges in the second
half the year but for the technology
companies um often when you think about
PE is the next 12 months earnings so
you're talking about a company with a 30
35 times PE you're assuming growth of
let's say 20% in the next 12 months but
if some of these tech companies can
maintain that 20 30% earnings growth
over the next two or three years or even
next three to five years then that P
ratio suddenly looks a bit more
reasonable. Now that said, not all Mac 7
companies will win out the AI war. They
all invest. They all have to keep
putting the money in to stay in the
game, but eventually like in tech in in
internet, in like social media, in
e-commerce, eventually one or two
companies will come on top. So that's
where I think active management plays a
key role in not predicting just the next
12 months but the next three to five
years which of these companies will have
the most successful AI model that will
be adopted that will be the gold
standard. That to me is the most
important question.
>> How much does the Fed factor in now?
Because we were just talking to uh our
our colleague in the US and saying
there's a bit of dilemma now. If you
start to see higher tariffs feed through
into inflation for example at a time
when the labor market is showing quite
you know signs of cracks and slowing
down
>> you know should we see preparing for
some sort of stackflation scenario
>> I think the direction will feel like
stackflation as in you will get some
pick up in inflation but weaker growth
but the good news of the inflation and
we'll see more tonight is that you do
get imported goods being more expensive
but fuel rents um services the inflation
is coming down so that's offsetting
those more expensive imported goods. So
your headline inflation could still be
around 3% which is still above the Fed's
target. Um now it's a great question
about the Fed because I think the mood
of the market has changed significantly
after non-farm payroll. Um so I think
the general consensus is that the
economy is showing some signs of
weakness and therefore the Fed should
move forward the rate cuts. Now, now I
think this depends a lot on the Fed's
interpretation now because in the last
meeting you start to see a few more uh
governors and voters voting for rate
cuts and if the interpretation as a
group becomes tariffs, inflation is
going to be a one-off, it's temporary,
uh you know, it will be it will be over,
then I think the case for rate cuts as
early as September becomes much more
solid. So let's see what JPA is going to
say in Jackson Hole at the end of the
month and let's see you know what the
inflation number tells us tonight but I
think there could be an argument for big
surprise
in inflation yet the Fed can still do
some uh no mental gymnastics and argue
uh you know the the room for rate cut or
the the justification for rate cut is
still there.
>> The way you phrase it is interesting and
I like that because
>> you can really make the case for one cut
an insurance cut. Yeah,
>> four straight cuts, you have to do a bit
more mental gymnastics. And I the reason
I ask you that is do you think that's
the assumption market should have that
rates are going to go down 100 basis
points within the next 12 months and
what does it mean for fixed income right
now which has been held hostage because
the Fed has been held hostage.
>> I think 100 basis points in 12 months
makes sense. I mean ultimately we're
still in a above long-term average level
of policy rates. Um so you know if we
were right that the economy is slowing
down uh you know growth could just get
back to let's say around 1%.
unemployment rate gradually creep back
up towards four and a half or even
higher. uh then the Fed returning to
neutral I think makes a lot of sense
which also means in the fixed income
world um first of all you see short end
of yield curve reacting is already
reacting uh the long end um I think
there are other factors anchoring it for
example fiscal position um I think that
will anchor the longer end but I think
the whole curve is likely to shift lower
and what we call sort of a bullish
steepening where the lower at the long
the shorter end will come down more than
the longer end
>> a lot of people talk about Europe as the
alternative and it's it's done quite
well that trade can can it continue
>> I think so but I think the theme behind
it could shift a little bit um you know
first half of the year a lot of that is
on defense um governments in Europe
showing greater uh commitment to spend
more but I think now the question
becomes okay everyone's committing 5%.
how much of that is actually going to be
devoted to the heavy industry sector
because a lot of these European
countries they do spend a lot of money
on pensions or you know non-defense
spending which they count as defense uh
and the other question is is is also on
implementation. So um I think we need to
look at for example the financial sector
we do like technology in Europe I think
is great. So I think there are pos the
the good themes in Europe that we're
looking at. Um but it's no longer just
about government spending more on
defense.
>> T White, great to have you APAC chief
market strategist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Coming up, we got the view
from China's asset management industry
on the latest moves around trade and AI
chips. We have Zben advisers, Peter
Alexander, joining us in the next hour.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. to the China show. Some of
the big stories we're tracking right
now. Uh an explosion at a US steel plant
in Pennsylvania has killed at least one
person and injured 10. The company says
the incident involves uh coke oven
batteries at its uh Claron plant. Now US
Steel CEO David Burrett says that the
firm is closely is working closely
rather with authorities to investigate
the cause. The plant has a history of
accidents and violations, including an
explosion and fire in 2010 that injured
15 people. Now, President Trump has
named EJ Anthony as the lead of the
Bureau of Labor Statistics. It's after
firing the previous chief following weak
uh July peril's data. Uh Tony is the
chief economist of the Conservative
Heritage Foundation and has been vocal
about his concerns with the BLS jobs
data and revisions. The position is
still subject to Senate confirmation.
And the president has used his truth
social platform to declare that imports
of gold will not face US tariffs. A
White House official suggested last week
that the White House would issue a new
policy after US Customs and Border
Protections stunned traders late last
week by deciding that imports would be
subject to tariffs. Okay. Well, that
leads us into the other commodity
conversation today, which is in metals.
>> Yeah. So, we're still tracking the
lithium space given the craziness
yesterday with CL halting that
production in one of their minds. The
latest seems to be iron ore.
>> Not as crazy maybe, but still, this
Chinese consultancy is saying that
several steel mills have been told that
they need to temporarily halt production
later this month. You got to wonder if
it's anti-volution, but also they talk
about the pollution side of things as
well ahead of this big military parade,
too.
>> Yeah. which is well we yeah I guess in
this case I guess the reason isn't as
important as the net effect to
>> yes
>> uh to what it means for taking supply
offline and but again but then we argue
then the argument still goes back to
whether or not taking supply offline
will result in the same things that we
saw back in 2015 2016 which I think you
were touching on the city note earlier
on that you know the biggest difference
between now and then was the property
market was doing well in 2015 2016 so
there was a need really for uh there was
the underlying demand for commodities.
And I think the point that Taipei was is
making right now is when you look at the
anti-involution in consumers, the
consumer is still not there quite yet as
far as being able to backs stop demand,
>> especially when prices are going up,
right, in a lot of these commodities and
the like. Um, certainly that's one thing
to watch here as well. Um, and obviously
the property market as you mentioned,
right, we did hear a little bit about
them removing some restrictions of
property purchases in Beijing, but how
far does it really go?
>> Uh, is certainly one thing that we're
watching out for as well. Um, gold as we
talked about. So there's no gold tariff.
So at least
>> exclamation point
of that as well. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So yeah, gold and home prices. By the
way, we'll we'll find out this week on
Friday. We have activity numbers
including
>> this time on Friday the July sets of new
home prices. Anyway, that's just to say
we'll be back after a couple of minutes
with a full roundup of these markets.
Plenty more ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Uh you might have seen this uh on
some platforms. Two Chinese ships have
collided after one chased a Philippine
Coast Guard vessel in the South China
Sea. its latest dangerous encounter
between the two nations with competing
claims in this resourcerich waterway.
Cliff Venson joins us from Manila to
help us understand what happened. So,
Cliff, we've seen the videos. Walk us
through the events of how this
eventually took place.
>> Yes. So, uh it happened uh during uh an
operation uh of uh Philippine Coast
Guard. It's an operation meant to
support uh Philippine uh fishermen in
the in the Scarboro Shaw in the South
China Sea. And then uh you know the the
you know the uh usually um when um
usually when uh the um usually when when
Philippine boats operate there, you
know, the the Chinese ships, the Chinese
ships would attempt uh to drive uh the
Philippine vessels away. So what
happened uh yesterday when uh the
Chinese vessels were trying to uh chase
the uh a Philippine Coast Guard ship, a
um a Philippine a Chinese Navy vessel uh
I I I would guess accidentally rammed
into the China Coast Guard ship which
damaged the uh Chinese vessel. So we are
we are starting to see uh you know some
some tensions uh flaring up again in
this part of the South China Sea.
>> Yeah. Um quite quite a bit of damage too
as we saw in some of those pictures as
well. Cliff, this latest incident though
does add to the tensions as you say and
there was also the president and and his
comments on Taiwan. Tell us more.
>> Exactly. So this encounter happened a
days after uh the Chinese foreign
ministry uh protested against uh
Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos
comments uh on Taiwan um saying that uh
President Marcos is actually playing
with fire uh when it comes to the issue
of Taiwan. that uh yesterday despite
this protest uh Philippine President uh
Ferdinand Marcos uh reiterated that um
uh Philippines could actually be pulled
into uh a conflict over Taiwan because
of the uh simply because of the
geographical uh geographical proximity
between uh Philippines and Taiwan. So,
and also the president reiterated that
uh uh Philippines will continue to
protect its uh interest uh and sovereign
rights in the South China Sea.
>> All right, Cliff. Thank you, Cliff.
Henson, there are latest uh there on the
what's going on uh in the South China
Sea. Another check of the markets here.
Right now, we are seeing when it comes
to the onore markets uh doing quite well
still or we're up about a 4/10en of 1%.
Hangings going the opposite direction.
So, A over H here today. It seems tech
seems to be the big drag along that as
well and but you know against this
backdrop of you know this truce n has
been extended for another 90 days. I
guess it was expected things are still
stabilizing between the US and China. Uh
but yeah and again we're still looking
for some more catalysts out there.
>> Yeah, we're waiting for that. I think
that we have a good story out in fact on
the tariffs. I'll tie the tariff story
and what's going on in the mainland
right now. There's one copper play in
the mainland actually has has has come
out to be uh one of the winners. We'll
talk more about that, unpack the story
even further. That takes us into the
commodity story and maybe also uh the
earning story where you have Guo Mai
coming out with earnings today. That's
the big heavyweight of course online. We
have plenty more on the way in the
second hour of the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and we are still continue to see
session highs there as well. We're up
about 4/10en of 1% it seems like right
now. Uh it is some weakness in Hong Kong
and offshore. So a shares are catching a
bit of a bid here this morning and
certainly our next guest Peter Alexander
is talking a lot about that the
preference really when it comes to CSI
300. actually thinks they could
outperform uh some of these developed
markers here in the next 12 months or
so.
>> He's usually actually based where the
live shot is in Duj. He's going to be
blessing us with his presence here on
our studios later on in about 30 minutes
or so. And meanwhile, while he's doing
that, he's non-stop
um pinging us on social media wanting to
talk about this.
>> Let's talk about this.
>> Let's talk about this
>> happening in the onore market.
>> Well, Peter, you're about to get what
you want. Uh 410 of 1% CSI 300 onshore
lithium stocks day two. How do we look
there? So, fantastic day yesterday.
Double digit gains 20% nearly in some in
some places. And as we can see, we're
pulling back. Not completely all the
way, but maybe just people taking some
profits there to the point that city was
making, I think, on this specific trade,
wasn't it?
>> There were a few battery material makers
that they they highlighted that said,
you know, this could really improve
their profitability. Certainly, that's
one thing to watch as well. Uh, but yes,
we are seeing them fall off a little bit
just here today. But yes, I mean, they
came they were surging double digits
just yesterday, right? the likes of Gon
lithium. Uh we're watching pot stocks as
well.
>> Uh this is quite interesting, right? So
Trump is considering
>> drug
>> the drug reclassification. So they're
thinking about reclassifying marijuana
as a less dangerous drug given the whole
sector a boost even here.
>> Yeah, that's playing out in this part of
the equity market.
>> Did not know there were pot stocks in
China.
>> Learn something new.
>> You learn something new every day.
>> There we go. Watching the China show.
Uh, one thing that hasn't happened every
day, in fact, it's the first time it's
happening, is the Nikki 225 is now on
track to close at a record high. It's al
quite rare you get a,000 point upside
reopening today. And of course, we are
going into the last 30 minutes of trade
as far as the morning session there is
concerned. So, that's go headed for a a
a truce for today. Uh, speaking of
truce, that's the that's the other big
story that we're tracking today, the the
extension to the trade truce.
>> Yes. It's a thing that we all expected,
I guess, that this was going to be
rolled over for another 90 days. So, it
brings us, you know, to, you know, next
three months of maybe a bit of breathing
space.
>> Um, maybe they're throwing China a bit
of a bone here as they try to work out
some sort of trade deal, some sort of
meeting with with President Xi as well
as President Trump. But there's a lot of
talk about this whole trade approach
from the Trump administration now. They
call paytoplay
>> revenue for exports. Yeah. Yeah,
>> you know, this 15% sort of tax on any
revenue that
>> export tax
>> from China. It's an export tax
essentially is what most guests have
said and that is actually legal in the
US constitution. So there still are
legal challenges behind all this, but
certainly does undermine the whole
rationale behind national security when
it comes to trade policy.
>> And I think he got asked the question
too whether or not at some point this
might involve he might be open to
Blackwell which is the most advanced
chip of course. I think what he said was
maybe a not as as advanced version of
blackwell if
>> unenhanced
>> unenhanced if Nvidia is able to come up
with something. I think Minman can talk
about that in a moment. Uh commodities
we talked about this already as far as
the reflation trade is concerned and I
think one report on uh has to do with
the weather of course less less steel
output coming through. Uh US inflation
is coming out later today. Uh we have at
some point this morning in two hours or
so. What time the clocks changed? Have
the clocks changed? RBA is
>> RBA is later on. Yes, there we go.
They're going they're going to cut
>> uh and Bank of America fund manager
survey just to mention that too is one
where interesting 91% think that this US
market is expensive. They don't think
it's a bubble.
>> They think it's a long trade. So I think
it's really an observation of reality
more than something that's I guess
actionable at this point in time.
>> It's it's the most bullish they've seen
in six months. So whether that continues
is one thing as well. But yes, MAG 7
they say most crowded trade uh which is
not surprising as well. But most say
look it's not a bubble but you're
starting to see right the boost to prof
to production or I should say
>> production not production
>> inflation
>> productivity
>> productivity okay
>> my brain's not working today but yes but
yes they did say when it comes to the US
markets they're maybe slightly
overvalued right now
>> okay um I guess we really need AI in our
lives today I think I need another
coffee actually it's only two I think
it's the weather I think the humidity is
like slowing down the you know our synap
is in our in our brain. Let's get to our
top story. More on this. You have
President Trump signing this executive
order uh for this trade truce. Tariff
truce been China 90 days. It's averted
this tariff hike of at least uh 54% on
Chinese goods which was set to take
effect in fact in a couple of couple of
hours. Let's bring in Midman our China
correspondent here to talk us through.
It was well priced. It was well
expected. So what now is the question.
>> Yeah, what now? So another 90 days I
guess it buys them more time to
negotiate some of the finer details
because President Trump already hinted
at what he wants which is a quadrupling
of Chinese purchases of US soybean. Um
obviously China uh US had been kinder to
China so far especially if you compare
to other countries like India the
doubling the doubling of tariffs there
because of India's purchase of uh
Russian oil. So far that threat has been
leveled at China as well, but the US
hasn't acted on it yet, but they have 90
days more to talk about this.
Potentially, Trump and C is going to
meet during this 90-day window for an
in-person summit, potentially during the
South Korean uh Apac meeting in October.
Uh and of course, China has for a long
time been wanting wanting to get rid of
that 25% sorry, 20% tariffs on fentinel.
Um, they also want to get access to more
chips from the US as well. And here's
the latest that President Trump had said
about the Blackwell chips from Nvidia.
Have a listen.
>> I deal with Jensen, who's a great guy,
and Nvidia. Uh, the chip that we're
talking about, the H20, it's uh it's an
old chip. Uh, China already has it in a
different form, different name, but they
have it. uh or they have a combination
of two will make up for it and even then
some. The Blackwell is super duper
advanced. I wouldn't make a deal with
that. Although uh it's possible I'd make
a deal uh a somewhat
uh enhanced in a negative way Blackwell.
In other words, take 30% to 50% off of
it. But that's the latest and the
greatest in the world. Nobody has it.
they won't have it for 5 years, but the
H20 is obsolete. You know, it's one of
those things, but it still has a market.
>> So, he is willing to maybe roll back
some of these chip curves on China. In
some ways, it's like you can basically
pay in return for some trade concessions
here, which is unprecedented, right?
>> Yes. Yes. So, he already set this new
president with Nvidia and AMD where they
would pay about 15% of their China sales
revenue in exchange for the export
controls. And this really shows that
maybe that red line that the US used to
have on national security, maybe it's
not so red anymore. Um, and for the
right price, maybe the US is willing to
roll back those chip cups even further.
Now the question now though is will
China accept that? Because remember,
China has been putting out a lot of
these statements through its state media
opposing these back doors that have been
installed on these chips or at least
well the Trump administration officials
have been calling for the installation
of these location tracking capabilities
in these chips. Um and so China had been
opposed to some of the security risks
associated with that. They have also
been putting out statements about how
the H20 chips had been you know not very
advanced. They are not energy efficient.
There's no reason why Chinese consumers
should be purchasing these chips. But
maybe with the black well series that is
a more advanced line of product maybe
that is that would be enough to uh
convince Chinese consumers to get their
hands on these chips. So maybe both
sides could be bought off by uh you know
with something more valuable to trade
off for for the national security risk
there.
>> All right Mman thank you Milo there. Our
China correspondent with the latest on
this trade truce still ahead on the
China show. We have ZBed adviser Peter
Alexander joining us there just for
insights on how he sees he's been
talking to a lot of asset managers there
in China as well. How they're viewing
this trade truce extension and of course
a tech tussle between DC and Beijing and
why he says CSI 300 could outperform
developed markets in the next 18 months.
>> This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Okay, welcome back. We are in the thick
of earning season. You some big tech
names coming through this week. Um, a
lot of big ones today. Not so much tech,
I guess, but you have a lot of
consumption facing names. Uh let's bring
on our team for a preview of what to
expect here. We have Shirley Jiao, our
conglomerates consumer and gaming
reporter. And also with us is our
earnings specialist, Rachel Yo, uh to
talk us through, of course, uh some of
the consumer staple names that are
coming out today. Shirley, I'll start
with you. Uh what do we have? What are
we expecting? Galaxy is on deck today.
>> Yeah. So, Macau Casino operators had a
pretty good quarter in the second
quarter. Uh and um overall the
industry's gaming revenue recovery was
the best postcoavid. Um and the industry
overall is expected to grow about 4% in
profit and galaxy entertainment
specifically is expected to grow about
11% in IBIDA.
>> Okay. Tell us a little bit more. I mean
we talked about there's been a lot of
concerts and the like that's happening
there, but why do you think the gaming
sector has been so strong the past few
months? So the main reason is that the
big gamblers are going to Macau more
often and are gambling more and there
are a number of factors contributing to
that. Um and uh Macau's casino operators
have been rolling out more luxury hotel
rooms including Galaxy Entertainment. uh
and they have been organizing more
non-gaming activities like concerts and
entertainment shows and those have
helped draw foot traffic to casino
resorts and China has been relaxing
travel rules over the past few months
from Macau like allowing people from
more cities to apply for individual
travel visa. Um and overall the
sentiment is just better probably due to
uh the good recovery of Hong Kong and
mainland China stock markets.
>> Yeah. I mean speaking of stock right
Galaxy is up 19%. The group is actually
done very very well. What's the outlook
then? Is the outlook getting better than
fundamentals I guess is the question
here.
>> Yeah. So I think it remains to be seen
how long this gaming revenue boom will
still last because um the broad China
economic situation is still uh in a
slowdown. Uh and um there Macau is also
um uh um tightening restrictions over
gaming rules over the uh past few years
and months. So it remains to be seen um
how well the recovery will last.
>> Okay, Ashley, thank you so much. Let's
get to Rachel now. you're watching Quay
Quay which is I guess the outlook's a
little bit different than what you see
in Macau. There's a lot of pricing
pressures uh and you know a lot of it
has to do with what we've been seeing
from the government and the campaign
efforts there. But what are you
expecting this time?
>> Yeah, so for second quarter earnings for
Qua Mai, we're expecting to see a slower
earnings growth compared to the first
quarter. So this also reflects slower
consumer demand and also pricing
pressures as you've mentioned earlier.
uh but despite this gross margin is
still expected to remain steady for now
thanks to discipline cost management
amid uh despite the uh slower uh
consumer sentiment out there and uh
Malta's fullear uh sales target is also
poised to reach the company is poised to
to reach its sales target despite uh all
the pressures as well. So this uh but
compared to other uh PI Joe rivals, Maai
is also expected to outpace its rivals,
maybe other PI Joe uh companies may
record either a profit or sales uh
decline or or just a marginal growth. So
this could continue to underscore Maai's
leadership in the PI Joe segment. there
there's been some tightening in terms of
uh government employee entertainment and
activities and what they can do there.
How how might that affect Baijo
generally speaking the BJO market which
might be part and parcel to that?
>> Yeah, so definitely the impact from
China's austerity drive from uh alcohol
sales will continue to be reflect in
quai multi earnings and also across
other PI Joe earnings this quarter. So
so far for Maai alone we are seeing
wholesale prices for its uh fatmai which
is the company's flagship product the
wholesale prices of that has fell year
to date. So this also reflects uh
pressure in the secondary markets amidst
Beijing's anti- extravagance push and
wholesale prices for Maai which is
actually a big indicator for the overall
BO market and also the uh consumer
sentiment has also been uh seeing signs
of recovery so far although that has yet
to meaningfully recover amidst the
policies that have been going on. So
investors and analysts will continue to
keep uh monitoring its wholesale prices
in time to come.
>> Rachel, thank you so much. Rachel,
you're there. Our earnings specialist
ahead of the Ma Thai uh results set to
come through, of course, over the next
few hours or so. And speaking of the
other name that we just touched on there
on Thursday, we'll be speaking
exclusively to the COO of Galaxy
Entertainment,
Kevin Kelly. uh really unpacking the
earnings plus the outlook. I really want
stories of what does the outlook look
like given how good things have been the
last few weeks or so at those times on
your screen. Stay tuned for that
exclusive with us Linda A. Plenty more
ahead. This is Moon
[Music]
There's not a lot of time for these
negotiations to proceed. So I think it's
extremely important that they've that
both sides have agreed to a tariff
rollover. So now they can really put
their energies and attention on the key
outstanding issues including export
controls, critical minerals, excess
capacity, you name it. There's lots of
issues on the agenda and not a lot of
time to come up with negotiated
solutions.
>> I think this is going to be the new
normal we're going to face as we move
forward. I think President Trump is
going to continue this practice of uh
every time extending this deadline for 3
months. Um and he's using this as a
bargaining chip essentially. This time
he said he wants China to quadruple the
purchase of soybeans and I think next
time he's going to say something else.
Um it's quite interesting to see that he
didn't demand China stop buying Russian
oil this time as he at the same time
slaps a 25% on India for doing the same.
just some of our guests these last few
hours or so reacting to the latest news
here of this uh 90day extension this
window that takes us into really so is
it a September my brain's not working
today October November
>> November
>> which it really puts us on track timing
wise for a possible meeting between the
two at APE
>> at APEC right u okay so let's see if
that's possible Peter Alexander founder
and managing director at Zeban advisors
uh usually based in Shanghai has blessed
us with his presence here on set. They
provide advisory services to China's
asset management industry. Okay, let's
why don't we start with geopolitics?
That seems to be the the topic of the
the decade.
>> Let's go.
>> Um, where do you think this leads to?
What's the what's the endgame, you
think? I it's the same endgame that it's
always been going all the way back to
liberation day,
>> which is the the the bellacosity and the
bravado that's been coming out of the
Trump administration has been for me
quite astounding
because ultimately
what leverage does the United States
have? And and I have to say this whole
concept of the clutching of pearls
within the United States about how dare
America and the Trump administration
sell H20 chips to the Chinese. you're
giving away the the AI advantage that
America has. They had no choice. Rare
Earths was desperately needed within the
United States, not just in the auto
industry, the electronic magnets, but
the defense department needed it. So,
this was a quid proquo that was
required. And this we think is going to
continue as the Americans really wake up
to the fact that after 30 35 years of
exporting all of this manufacturing
capacity, what is the next step?
cooperation, dialogue, America and China
have to work together.
>> So it it really undermines as we talking
about this whole rational national
security which seemed to have been that
red line of why they couldn't ship chips
to China now that seems to be
threatened. Does it prompt then the
White House to target other industries
and other goods as well as bargaining
chips?
>> You mean Chinese goods?
>> Chinese goods.
>> Yeah. If it's not this like where does
that focus?
>> I look at now
>> what else is there? That's the real
issue. I mean if you think about it what
the comment that I've been making to
everybody is what is it exactly that the
Americans actually produce everything
right now for the most part not only is
produced in China but is produced at
such scale and at such efficiency that
even if you were trying to onshore or
bring back manufacturing in the United
States you have at least a decade to get
it done. Um how can you do it that makes
it worthwhile? iPhones $3,000 $4,000 per
iPhone whatever the case might be. I
don't see as though that there's much in
the way of targeting, as you call it,
within the US. But here's the other side
of that coin. What else does China have
up its sleeve? My outlook has always
been, China's not even begun to play
hard ball if they wanted to.
>> Look at the pharma industry. Things like
antibiotics, precursors. The United
States, I'm sorry, the Chinese if they
truly wanted to. They have a host of
other areas that I believe the United
States is truly dependent upon. Um, and
I believe they've been very um, reticent
in terms of let's be smart about it um,
and continue the dialogue with the Trump
administration, which has been
fantastic.
>> Does that eventually lead to a lower
tariff on China than than the US has set
on almost everyone else? Let's call it
15%.
>> They're still at a weaker position
because it seems like all these trade
deals with other nations are low.
>> No, absolutely. I I I have no idea how
the trade tariff sort of baseline will
come out but I think it is very
interesting to watch the dynamics
between the so-called BRICS nations
because I mean look at India I mean out
of nowhere India becomes the whipping
boy 50% you know they're t they're
targeting India because they're buying
oil from from Russia China yeah China's
the biggest buyer of oil um and then the
interesting thing is look over the last
several days you know you've got Lula
talking to Modi. You've got shei talking
to Putin. You've got Putin talking to Mo
like they're all coming together. So,
it's that joke about, you know, the the
actions you try to take on a path to
stop an outcome. You ultimately end up
achieving that outcome. Like the dollar
or the United States of now got these
four massive economies that are saying
we need to continue to work together.
>> So, it's it's not a great place I think
for the Trump administration to be right
now.
>> Yeah. The other phrase for that would be
the global south, right? Correct. The
the broader concept. How does it feel on
the ground in China? Does it feel And
you've been there for how long? 20 20
plus years.
>> 30 years.
>> 30 years now.
>> Has the not I want to say the mood have
the dynamics and the relationships
changed from one where 20 years ago the
big thing was China entering the WTO in
the US making a big deal out of that. I
mean, have those relationships changed
on the ground to one that is more
oriented towards everything except the
United States? I don't think so. I I
think that, you know, broadly speaking,
the sentiment is kind of, oh, it's it's
Tuesday. It's like there it's not really
something that is in the zeitgeist every
day in the media and not a thing.
>> It's not a thing. People are just trying
to go to work, trying to pay their
bills, trying to take care of their
families. But the sentiment locally has
certainly changed since last year. I
would say this time last year was
probably in retrospect peak pessimism in
China. Um, you remember how chaotic the
snowball correction was in January and
then it was all of summer was really
really weak until October. Um, this year
we've had Deep Seek, we've had Nahatu,
we've had Labou, we've had this huge
sort of cultural renaissance taking
place and the the put a real spring I
would say into the step of the Chinese.
It's been great.
>> Okay, we'll talk more about that. Yeah,
what's going on on shore in markets as
well. Peter Alexander, founder and
managing director at Zben Advisors is
staying with us as well. Some other
stories that we're following for you
today. Ford has unveiled a $5 billion
plan for a new line of budget electric
vehicles. A plan, I should say, starting
with a $30,000 pickup truck set to roll
out in 2027. Now, the CEO, Jim Farley,
calls it a bet to take on Chinese
rivals, warning that there are no
guarantees in the unpredictable US EV
market. The plan includes a $2 billion
overhaul of Ford's Louis Louisville
plant. Paramount is buying exclusive
rights to show all events from the
Ultimate Fighting Championship in the
US. The 7-year deal is worth $7.7
billion and bolsters the Paramount Plus
streaming service. UFC owner TKO Group
jumped 10% in New York and Paramount
says it will also look at buying
international rights in the future as
they become available. Micron has raised
its fiscal fourth quarter sales and
profit outlook setting stronger DRAM
prices and high bandwidth memory demand.
Revenue has now seen up to 11.3 billion
with earnings as high as $2.92 cents a
share. Shares closed more than 4%
higher. And Micron has one of the best
performing chip stocks this year. One of
the best.
>> Okay. Um let's have a look at Well,
speaking of chips, Asian chip stocks on
your screens right now. Oh, the angle to
the screen is actually quite
interesting. Okay. We're now up 9 and a
half% there on Kiosia which is listed in
Japan which is really the a reopening
story as well in Japan which is why
perhaps we're getting incrementally more
gains there uh going into the close of
the morning session just under well now
close to under 3 minutes away we're now
poised for a record close on the naked
plenty more ahead this is Bloomberg
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
against hanks that lunch break as well.
It's been a pretty good catch-up story
when it comes to what's going on Tokyo
here today. We talked about the nicay
reaching those records there and and
quite rare to see a 2 and a half% upside
there for that gauge here. So rising to
a record for Japan here today of course
as we countd down to that US CPI print
later on in the US Dave.
>> Yeah. uh and what that's going to hold
incrementally more signs that inflation
is being pushed through the system and
ironically something that not just the
Fed is seen to be ignoring but maybe
taking that as a sign that they might
need to sort of pull the trigger earlier
on as far as September uh is concerned.
It takes us to right so we're talking
about superlatives right so 43,000 on
the nay um takes us back here to Shangh
composite which by the way at you know I
know it doesn't sound like a lot 3661
but that's a level on price that we
actually haven't seen since 2021 in fact
just at 2% more 13 points I'd call it
even 1 and a half% more that takes you
back to 2021 beyond that it's 2015 now I
know what you're going to say if you
expand the chart even further that's
going to go up substantially because of
the bull and bare market and bust which
then follow there but that's not the
point The point is of course this is
done well and you probably didn't hear
about this as well. All right. So the
question is why has the Shanghai comp
really taken the attention away from the
CSI and you know the other usual
benchmarks that we track Msei China Hen
Tech and it's really because and I'm
just using this as a representation of
the banks the banks have done very very
well dividend trades uh long income for
example uh and as you can see over the
last 12 months it's done better than
almost any other trade. So that's
actually lifted the white line and
that's done better than the NASDAQ index
as well. Right. And I guess Ivonne the
question is is that a defensive trade
you know on the barbell strategy is the
defensive and then you go long on the
growth stocks or is that actually an
indication of underlying risk appetite
actually starting to really pick up?
>> Yeah, that's a key question. Let's bring
that question to Peter Alexander,
founder and managing director at Zben
Advisors. You've been talking about
what's happening on the ground and how
really sentiment has really shift
shifted to risk on among Chinese
investors.
>> It's it's beginning to shift to risk on.
And I think David, the chart that you
just put up is fantastic because if you
look at the CSI bank index, it's sold
off in the last month and a half.
>> And the bank index because of the
dividend trade was actually um the most
one of the more popular trades by the
Chinese retail or Chinese investors
broadly because they were looking for
something that was a little bit safer.
And if you looked at yields, yields were
plumbing lows. Um, so on and so forth.
And there's been a reversal of late. Um,
you're starting to actually even see the
10-year yield is starting to slowly pick
up.
>> Now, why is that? Not because of
deflation or anything, but so much money
has flowed into fixed income instruments
in China that when it flows the opposite
way, flows out, it actually has an
impact on an increasing yield. We were
talking earlier on before we went back
on TV that look at Hong Kong. Half of
the volume in Hong Kong this year
through Stock Connect is the real trade
that people are pay need to pay
attention to. We think that there has
been an ultimate shift of risk off to
risk on. And you talked about the
Shanghai Composite. I'll make the
statement that right now you're going to
see the CSI 300 uh radically outperform
developed markets including the S&P over
the next year.
>> The world's most hated trade. I'm down
here for a whole week trying to explain
the opportunity that China has for
equity investors. Uh look at liquidity
globally. Nobody wants to hear it.
Nobody wants to hear anything about the
opportunity that Chinese ashares have
for asset allocators.
>> What's the case for ashares? Because
most of that liquidity to your point has
so far come to Hong Kong though like
what what what will change in your view?
>> Well, predominantly it's a relative
valuation. I mean global investors to
begin with, rational individuals. You
were talking about the the Nikkay at an
all-time high, the DAX at an all-time
high. Everybody's at an all-time high,
and yet
>> I think the Hang Sen is still 20% off
the all-time high, and the CSI is 30
odd% off the all-time high. 13 times
trailing earnings versus, I don't know,
30 times trailing earnings elsewhere.
>> So, I think rationally investors both
locally and globally are going to just
wake up with this flood of money from
liquidity and say, "Where's the next
great trade? China's going to be it."
>> Is the earnings momentum there? Because
when you talk about US markets, that's
where people say, "I need to stick to
the Mag 7, the liker, because I'm still
getting that resilience and earning
>> visible." No, that's the big question of
the fundamentals. Um, the fundamentals
are uncertain. There's an inflection
point or I should say multiple
inflection points throughout the
economy, whether it's property
deleveraging, can the shift from old
economy to new economy happen? I mean,
one of the comments I've made to groups
is deepseek 2.0 is coming
>> and when it comes, that could be a
catalyst. You may follow this robotics
company called UI Union Tree or Uni Tree
that's going to list soon. That could be
a catalyst. But I think the ultimate
catalyst you alluded to earlier, Avon,
is going to be when Trump and Xi Jinping
meet and there's going to be a, you
know, I call it the Taiwan for Tik Tok
tariff uh agreement where, you know,
they're going to come to some agreement.
They're going to they're highlight
what's going on with Taiwan. Trump's
gonna get ultimately his poison chalice
which is going to be the the Tik Tok
platform that I think is going to
ultimately be the the real catalyst
going into next year that will get
people interested in China.
The message though is to the point
you're here trying to market that
message, right? Your audience though,
the incremental buyers in the US. I mean
part of the audience here understands
that I think already and I wonder well I
think two-part question. One is how
receptive
>> has the audience been here in Hong Kong
and how receptive do you think the
audience will be across the Pacific to
the
>> China the Hong Kong investors broadly
speaking understand it but still are
very reticent. They're there. I'd rather
just stay in Hong Kong and get my play
that way, which is understandable. So,
you can imagine that if I were to extend
the conversation even to Europeans, god
forbid the Americans. You know, I've had
clients tell me, "Look, Peter, we can't
even, you know, raise the concept of a
China allocation with our institutional
investors." They told us, "If we do so,
you'll we'll get fired."
>> Um, because it's it's it's that much of
a, you know, the so-called hated trade.
Um, I think, you know, over time people
are just going to forget their priors.
They're going to look at the opportunity
and they'll start slowly, quietly
reallocating back into the mainland.
>> Is it just because they've just been
burned so badly before? Is it still the
scars from that?
>> There's a little bit of that, but it's
predominantly the headlines. If you're
in the United States in New York or
Boston or Chicago and you're being
pounded by exit bans and all of this
nonsense,
why would you? I mean, it career risk.
Why would you add anything? And if you
do, just go to Hong Kong. That's a
little bit easier, which is why I think
you've seen some. But I think over time
that will gravitate back to the
mainland.
>> What do you make of this anti-involution
conversation and whether or not that
brings back the earnings that we were
just making the point that aren't is
isn't quite as evident just yet.
>> So the the whole concept of supply,
right, which is the way that I try to
talk about it, anti-involution is just
very Chinese wording.
>> Um this is, you know, China competition
101. um you have five or six or 10
companies come into an industry. This
has happened for the longest time. Do
you remember the rental bike industry?
There used to be like 10 of them.
>> Ultimately, what happens? They fight it
out. Then the government comes in and
says, "Okay, we're going to start
putting up new barriers." You have to
then address those barriers, which is
what we're seeing now, let's say, with
EVs. And then after that, you typically
come down with two, maybe three really
strong competitors. So, this is not
anything new. I think it's just um a
center of focus because of the whole
China overcapacity con concerns that are
being addressed globally. U but this is
I've seen this on a host of different
industries over the last 30 years,
>> right?
>> Um this makes I think raw brute force
competition makes the Chinese are
stronger. So they're going to move from
market share grab
>> to earnings. How long it takes, that's
what I think the analyst industry has to
really focus on.
>> Yeah. I mean diamond sharpens diamond,
right? you take the domestic name
outside. But the question I think when
when you look
>> domestic, I think I'll use the the the
bike analogy that you just made. We put
out a story back then where
>> it was this graveyard of used bikes and
the question is do we wait to that point
where they just kill each other or do
you need to step in and save some of the
margin and earnings and is that starting
to show up extreme competition in
>> EVs? We know that financial services.
Yes. like what's the what's what's your
take on what's going on?
>> Well, it's interesting. You know, when
we're trying to look at what potential
catalyst you might see over the course
of the next several months that would
lead to uh demand for ashares, it is
M&A. You know, you mentioned financial
services. We had two major securities
companies merged. We're looking at
shipping. Massive shipping merger
happened. Um what was that six months
ago now with Costco? We've just seen I
think a chip business that was merged a
couple of so I believe that there is a
learning from last mistakes within sort
of the governing policy members and they
are stepping in right now to try to get
to the point where this does not become
a a massive issue over capacity prices
decline you name it. Again the real
issue is can they get it done in time
people have to make up their own mind.
>> Okay you're making this pitch to
investors in Hong Kong. What what is the
pitch then for a shares? What's what's
the sector? What's what's the what's the
trade? I
>> I think it's I mean we're not looking
specifically at stocks. What we're
looking at is either beta or alpha.
Okay.
>> Which is we think all investors if they
do not have an allocation to Asia Rebey
securities, they should be at least
going into some sort of beta play.
Whether it's a CSI 300, MCI, China,
whatever the case might be.
>> However, if you look back at 2021 or
2015 or even, god forbid, 2007, this is
a market that was made for active
managers. So if you're out looking for
mandates, you should be looking and
talking to all the big managers because
there has been a demonstrable ability to
deliver in excess of these indices. Um
but having those conversations of right
now is impossible. People just don't
want to. They don't even want to
entertain the idea.
>> What are you hear?
>> Oh, you have and it's only it's only day
two.
>> Well, let's hope Deep Seek 2.0 comes.
What are you hearing on that? I I
literally there are rumors bubbling
about that it's this week. Um
>> not to speculate but yes.
>> No, I I I I genuinely think it's
something that will probably happen in
September. Um I believe Leang and the
team over there are a little bit smarter
when it comes to the timing of it.
>> And if you look just in the past week, I
mean I think the the folks at OpenAI had
a very hard week trying to go open
source. And this is a a subject for
another day, but watching this pitched
battle between closed and open-source
models between the United States and
China is fascinating. I did not, as they
like to say, have on my bingo card,
>> China was going to be the driver of
open-source AI.
>> Um, and ultimately, uh, you know, how is
it that this closed source system is
going to be, um, a a viable scaled
business going forward? I joked with a
client yesterday. I said Steve Casease
showing my age called up and said he
wants his AOL business model back
because it's a it's a closed garden
right
>> um and that's what whether it's
anthropic or open AI or XI they're
predominantly closed architectures China
just iterates and iterates and iterates
every single day every single week
>> Peter uh enjoy the rest of your trip
obviously that you stopped by I remember
we asked you say I'm tired
>> Peter Alexander founder and managing
director at Zen Advisors it's
interesting right As we were talking
about Trump and this obsession over
bricks.
>> Yes.
>> Uh we are just hearing from CCTV that
President Xi did hold a phone call with
the Brazilian president
>> Lula. So yes to what Peter mentioned
there right this whole geopolitical
maneuvering that we're seeing here.
Coming up we got more commentary on
Trey. We're speaking with a former
assistant to US trade representative
Claire Reid now senior counsel at Arnold
and Porter. That's on Insight with
Hesinda Ahmed. This is Bloomberg.
All
[Music]
right. We got the RBA decision coming
through in just a few moments as well.
Okay. All 36 economists in this
Bloomberg survey expect the RBA.
>> But there's nothing to talk about then
the cash by 25 basis points as well.
Okay. There's a lot of questions.
There's going to be a hawkish cut
>> and all that, right?
>> How complicated we've made life
>> and really the comments involved in
this, right? This is as we start to see
the labor market data suggesting there's
more slack than than the central bank
have projected back in May. So also
predicting a cut today is of course
economist James McIntyre. James, the RB
surprised the market five weeks ago by
holding rates steady. You were not
shocked. I think you were one of the few
that said that they were going to hold.
What's leading you to expect a rate cut
from the RBA today?
>> Yeah, thanks so much Ivon. So, last time
around, we thought the RBA was was going
to stay on hold. And the reason why was
because the labor market was looking
very tight. And even though they had a
monthly inflation figure that looked a
bit soft, it really wasn't quite clear
that there was a a big burning need for
the RBA to to cut. There was nothing
forcing their hand at that point. So, we
thought they're going to take their time
uh and and see what uh what comes out.
And what has come out since the July
meeting over the last 5 weeks has been
uh inflation data the full quarterly CPI
that was in line with what the RBA was
projecting. So tick giving them the
green light there. But what happened on
the labor market was actually quite
interesting that tight labor market that
they had in July. The stats bureau gave
them a set of reision revisions. Now
labor market revisions are something
that are bit controversial around the
global economy these days. No one got
fired in Australia. But what it will do
is it will fire up the RBA's uh forecast
making them uh revise the unemployment
rate higher and that could lead to a
little bit of a softer inflation outlook
and that pretty much in our view and
that's a view that's shared by everyone
it seems uh should be enough to
guarantee a move downwards from the RBA
today.
>> James, how clear-cut is the outlook
beyond the meeting today? Are there
factors that might offset this I guess
almost well at least for the meeting
today this unanimous understanding that
rates are going to fall in Australia.
>> Yeah, there's there is the view uh that
that there is further to go on rates and
the RBA has told us that themselves. It
you know this rate cut today won't be
enough to get cash rates back to neutral
or into stimulatory territory. So the
RBA will say that it's it's still
contractionary, but they will also say
likely in their commentary or any sort
of forward guidance that that it's going
to be they'll still be a little bit
hawkish and quite circumspect, very
measured and saying that you know
there's a uh they're going to be very
data dependent and cautious from here.
So we think that there's further cuts.
What's what's quite interesting within
the economy or what's the RBA, you know,
balancing there is that the last couple
of years we've had a very public sector
demand-driven economy and 2025 is the
year that we're hoping that that
rebalances with the private sector
momentum taking off, consumer spending
and business investment. Things looked
pretty good uh until we got a bit of a
shock, the same shock the whole world
economy has gotten in April following
the liberation day tariffs. And so
there's a little bit of worry is that
that uncertainty shock uh there could
see consumers and businesses sit on
their hands and maybe not deliver that
upswing that that we're hoping for. So
that's what the RBA is kind of juggling
there. If we don't get that upswing,
it's likely that we'll not only see the
RBA moving again later this year in
November, but perhaps cutting some more
in 2026.
>> James, thank you so much. James McIntyre
from Bloomberg Economics in Sydney for
us ahead of the RBA decision. Right. And
for our Bloomberg subscribers, you can
turn to your terminal for more context.
If well if when unless a meteor hits
before that great decision comes out. Of
course, when that decision comes out,
commentary, newslines, and context as we
try and figure out, of course, what the
next move will be out of the RBA. Check
that out on the terminal. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Some global headlines
we're tracking today. President Trump
has named EJ Anton as the lead uh uh to
lead rather the Bureau of Labor
Statistics after firing the previous
chief following we all know of course
weak payrolls data for July. Now Antony
is chief economist at the Conservative
Heritage Foundation and has been vocal
in his concerns with BLS jobs data and
revisions. The position is still subject
to Senate confirmation. Okay. Now, the
president has used his we're talking
gold and tariffs now, his truth social
platform to declare that imports of gold
will not face US tariffs. A White House
official suggested that last week that
the White House would issue a new policy
that's after US Customs and Border
Protection stunned the markets late last
week by deciding the imports would be
subject then at that point of course to
tariffs. Now, President Trump has
reversed his criticism of Intel CEO
after talks at the White House. Trump
described their meeting as very
interesting, calling Tan success uh and
rise an amazing story. Now, last week,
the president called for Tan's immediate
resignation, accusing him of unspecified
conflicts of interest.
Now, two Chinese ships uh have collided
after one of them chased a Philippine
Coast Guard vessel in the South China
Sea in the latest encounter between the
two nations in the disputed waterway.
The Philippine Coast Guard released
video and photos of the incident and
said to show a well said to show a China
Coast Guard vessel hitting a Chinese
Navy ship. Now, the Philippines says the
China Coast Guard ship suffered
substantial damage. Yeah, and that's
certainly what we're watching when it
comes to how Chinese media is covering
this event here today. There is no
mention of the Chinese ships colliding.
But state media does report are quoting
the China's Coast Guard spokesperson
saying that they took all necessary
measures to drive the Philippine vessels
away. Now, the operations were carried
out in a quote professional, standard,
and lawful manner. spokesperson also
says the Coast Guard will continue what
it calls rights protection law
enforcement to protect China's
activities.
>> Now, the incident is sparking mostly
nationalistic reactions on Chinese
social media. It's time to change our
tactic is one comment among many of
course there forbearance and concession
only makes your enemy push the envelope
and it's time to punch them. Now, if uh
only talks and warnings are useful, the
Philippines would not offend us again
and again. They see uh that we don't
dare make any moves. So they keep
challenging our bottom lines. And next
one here shows that he didn't give him a
beating earlier and now he came to make
trouble every day. This time we lost
face by two ships hitting each other.
Yeah. Which is uh I think interesting to
your point that we've seen this really
on many many social media platforms
covered in in different ways of course
is the other point there.
>> Yeah. And it's interesting, right, where
this coincides with the fact that we're
starting to see this flare up a little
bit more now in the South China Sea and
and coincides what the president had
mentioned with his comments about Taiwan
and basically saying that due to just
the proximity of the Philippines and
Taiwan that they might be dragged into
this, you know, you know, if there is
ever a war over Taiwan
>> and certainly so tensions are certainly
flare up once again on
>> it. Yeah. And I think I caught the the
latter part of the briefing, I believe,
from the Philippine president. And I
think he was responding to a question,
and I'll correct myself, by the way, if
I'm remembering the the sequence of
events um not quite accurately, but he
was responding a question that was posed
to the Philippine president uh on
comments made by uh from the Chinese
side that he was the Philippines is
playing with fire. I think his comment
was effectively what fire to your point
that you're making. It's just that the
fact that they are next to each other
naturally means of course they will be
part of any conversations around that of
course.
>> Yeah.
>> Anyway, well um uh we can leave
speculation there for now. But yes, that
is what we've heard so far as far as and
you can see the video for yourselves of
course across uh social media. Right
from ships to chips uh we're looking at
that as well given of course Asian chip
stocks and the move that we had and the
confirmation uh coming throughout the US
president 15% right export tax whatever
you want to call it there. Chip makers
across the region are up. Japan in
particular because of uh the catch-up
trade there on the back of Micron
earnings and also Nvidia news coming
through as well. Lithium stocks day two.
>> Yeah, they're not doing as well.
Obviously yesterday we saw double digit
gains like have gone on lithium ti we're
coming off that now on you know on what
happened with that CL hold on to that
mine output there as well. Uh in terms
of the Shanghai composite and what we're
watching out for here today uh certainly
it is doing a little bit better than
Hong Kong. That was certainly what we
have seen. we come off some of the highs
already uh in the session but then again
uh as Peter Alexander said it it's the
market to watch is ashares uh set to as
he says sticking his neck out is going
to outperform developed markets
including the S&P the next 18 months he
says the catalyst wait for deepseek 2.0
0 wait for the Uni Tree IPO and of
course more stabilization if there is
some sort of trade deal between the US
and China.
>> Yeah, the the stars are aligning for
that including liquidity which he says
is fair and abundant on the Chinese
mainland. It's it's a message he says
that is still isn't landing uh with most
people but I guess that's really where
you are as far as getting alpha and to
his point if you're more conservative
beta of course by the benchmark to his
point. Yeah. So that's it from us. If
you missed that conversation with Peter
Alexander, you can turn to TV, go scroll
back for that and others that you might
have missed. We'll see you all tomorrow.
Thanks for joining us today.
[Music]